This time we implement a few important things, such as towers shooting,
detecting whenever we hit the enemy and of course making some damage to them
which eventualy kills them.

Let's start with the shooting part. Last time we added a prefab in our collection,
the projectile prefab. This prefab had a collider set to trigger and a rigidbody.
If you check now it also has a script attached to it, ProjectileUtilities.

Now if you go and check the TowerAttack script, you can see that we added a whole
bunch of things in there. The comments explain everything apart from the rigidbody,
which I will explain here.

What is a rigidbody?
A rigidbody is a physics component which allows the engine to manipulate the game
object according to the physics. In every physics frame, the engine will try
to apply gravity and see if the rigidbody has any more forces applied on it.
It is crucial if you want to have a physics based movement, which is way more
difficult to make than a simple transform movement.

Why have a rigidbody on our projectile?
As I explain in one of the comments, we need a rigidbody on either the trigger or
the collider that we need to detect. Making the enemies have the rigidbody would
mess up their movement and it would need a lot of refining. But the projectile
doesn't need a smooth movement. It is a bullet, so it has to be fast with an
exploding start! That's why it's really useful and easy to just Instantiate the 
prefab as a rigidbody and just add a lot of velocity on it.

One of the issues I had was when the towers missed because the enemy was turning 
around. That meant, I had a lot of loose projectiles all around the map. But as
you can see in the ProjectileUtilities, we have a simple function that takes care
of that. I'll say it here as well. Game Developement is all about making tools
that you can use throughout your game with ease. It would be frustrating to have
to change the map limits each time we have a new map, or to change the ai path
in a script, or to adjust tower spawn locations. That's why I make these
general tools. It will be really simple to make a new map. Just attach some scripts,
add game objects in the scene, change a few variables and it's all ready to go!